# Monte-Carlo_Simulation
## Introduction to the project
Business valuation is a process and a set of procedures used to estimate the economic value of an owner’s interest in a business. The value of an asset is the present value of its expected returns. In order to calculate the value of a company we need to know its expected cash flows and its required rate of return. Company’s future cash flow could be estimated by forecasting future earnings on the basis of company’s historical earnings and the expected growth of both the firm and the market. The required rate of return that is used to discount the company’s estimated future cash flow has to reflect the risk of those cash flows
Most commonly used method for the company evaluations is Discounted Cash Flow (DCF), Internal Rate of Return (IRR), Economic Value Added (EVA). Many of these traditional models need to consider one parameter that called free cash flow. When estimating this parameter, the prior models are short of accurate method. For example, when estimating free cash flow we often calculate ROI to get future growth rate then calculate the FCF year by year. Obviously, the application of this method lack operability. Because of this weakness, this kind of model usually used in the field of education only. Monte Carlo simulation precisely solve this problem. This model improve the traditional methods and enhanced the operability by thousands of simulation tests.
Monte Carlo simulation also called random simulation, was put forward by American scientists in 1940s. The method obtain the approximate results by statistical analysis and stochastic simulation of random variables. Take DCF model as an example, if the free cash flow of the investment project in the future is expressed as a random variable with a certain probability distribution, we can improve the accuracy of traditional model according to the probability distribution of these random variables. Under the manual condition, it is difficult for people to operate thousands of tests. In this case, people prefer to use matlab in the application of Monte Carlo simulation.
